The UML diagrams were created with either open source or free demo versions of multiple tools (at least until I find those which I like and will buy).  The opinions I provide on each tool is strictly my own based on the experience I'd had and may change.

1.) Models! for Mac OS X version 1.2 developed by WowSystems (for now).  Please visit their site at http://models.wowsystems.pt/ for more info or demo copy.  Interesting start of a tool but still limited on its UML generation.  I do like the code generation for what it does do but it does not provide round trip code generation.

2.) VP-UML by Visual Paradigm (demo version can be obtained at http://www.visual-paradigm.com/).  Right now, I'm liking this version but there's a lot to it and I'm still getting used to it.  I like that not only does it the UML modeling in its Community Edition (free), if you spring for the Standard Edition ($299 but can try for 14 day for free), it does source code and round-trip generation for quite a few languages (including Objective-C and Objective-C 2.0).  So far, this one tops my list.

3.) Papyrus UML by Papyrus (info found at http://www.papyrusuml.org/).  If you're looking for an open source modeling tool, this one seems okay.  It's an Eclipse project so it works on a lot of platforms and tends to flow much like the other Eclipse tools.  I only plan to use it to craft diagrams for others to use once I've finished designing the models in other tools, since it does not generate the skeleton source code (my opinion that if I spend time designing the model, the least my tool can do is convert that into beginning code).  There are add-ins to do code generation for C++, Java, and Ada 2005, but not for Objective-C (yet).  Overall, it looks okay but my usage has been quite trivial.

4.)  Omnigraffle for Mac by the Omni Group (info found at http://www.omnigroup.com/).  The familiar stand-by for those who can't use Visio (i.e., Mac users).  As with Papyrus UML, if all you want is a model drawing tool, this one will do what you need.  However, it will simply be for drawing and does not fit my workflow.